README.md, before:

# Shopkeepers List ![Dynamic XML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/xml?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FOnys-0%2FShopkeepers-List%2Fmain%2Fpom.xml&query=%2F%2F*%5Blocal-name()%3D'project'%5D%2F*%5Blocal-name()%3D'version'%5D&label=version)
Effortlessly find shopkeepers on your server with a single command using this plugin.

- *Inspired by [_w41k3r's Shopkeepers Addon Plugin](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/shopkeepers-addon-navigation-economy-plotsquared-vault-integration.98400/)*
- *Credits to [Blablubbabc's Shopkeepers plugin](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/shopkeepers.80756/)*

This plugin is an add-on to [Blablubbabc](https://www.spigotmc.org/members/blablubbabc.1442/)'s Shopkeepers plugin and aims to improve the ability to find shopkeepers based on the shopkeeper's owners, the items they sell and the items they buy.

## Commands
| Command                      | Description |
|------------------------------|-------------|
| `/findshops`, `/fs`, `/shops` | Opens a GUI with information about all shopkeepers in your server. |
| `/findshops selling [item]`  | Opens a GUI with shopkeepers that sell the specified item. |
| `/findshops buying [item]`   | Opens a GUI with shopkeepers that buy the specified item. |
| `/findshops player [player]` | Opens a GUI with all shopkeepers that the specified player owns. |
| `/shopkeeperslist help`      | Sends the player a message containing information about the plugins and a list of commands. |
| `/shopkeeperslist reload`    | Reloads the configuration file. |

## Permissions
| Permission | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `shopkeeperslist.findshops` | Gives the player permission to open the shopkeepers GUI. |
| `shopkeeperslist.teleport` | Gives the player permission to teleport to a shopkeeper by right-clicking on it in the GUI. |
| `shopkeeperslist.openremotely` | Gives the player permission to open a shopkeeper's menu by left-clicking it in the GUI. |
| `shopkeeperslist.reload` | Gives the player permission to reload the configuration file. |

## GUI Example
Here's an image of what a shopkeeper looks like in the GUI using the default configuration:
![Shopkeeper GUI](https://www.spigotmc.org/attachments/upload_2024-7-18_11-23-53-png.841602/)

If you like this plugin, please consider [buying me a tea 🍵](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/0nys)

If you have any questions or encounter bugs or issues, please notify me in the [SpigotMC discussions tab](https://www.spigotmc.org/threads/shopkeepers-list-addon-for-shopkeepers-1-20-6-support.610703/) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/Onys-0/Shopkeepers-List/issues). Thank you!

Commit message:

Update README to reflect project status
Added a note indicating that the project is archived and no longer maintained.

README.md, after:

# Shopkeepers List ![Dynamic XML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/xml?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FOnys-0%2FShopkeepers-List%2Fmain%2Fpom.xml&query=%2F%2F*%5Blocal-name()%3D'project'%5D%2F*%5Blocal-name()%3D'version'%5D&label=version)
> **⚠️ This project is archived and no longer actively maintained.**

Effortlessly find shopkeepers on your server with a single command using this plugin.


- *Inspired by [_w41k3r's Shopkeepers Addon Plugin](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/shopkeepers-addon-navigation-economy-plotsquared-vault-integration.98400/)*
- *Credits to [Blablubbabc's Shopkeepers plugin](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/shopkeepers.80756/)*

This plugin is an add-on to [Blablubbabc](https://www.spigotmc.org/members/blablubbabc.1442/)'s Shopkeepers plugin and aims to improve the ability to find shopkeepers based on the shopkeeper's owners, the items they sell and the items they buy.

## Commands
| Command                      | Description |
|------------------------------|-------------|
| `/findshops`, `/fs`, `/shops` | Opens a GUI with information about all shopkeepers in your server. |
| `/findshops selling [item]`  | Opens a GUI with shopkeepers that sell the specified item. |
| `/findshops buying [item]`   | Opens a GUI with shopkeepers that buy the specified item. |
| `/findshops player [player]` | Opens a GUI with all shopkeepers that the specified player owns. |
| `/shopkeeperslist help`      | Sends the player a message containing information about the plugins and a list of commands. |
| `/shopkeeperslist reload`    | Reloads the configuration file. |

## Permissions
| Permission | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `shopkeeperslist.findshops` | Gives the player permission to open the shopkeepers GUI. |
| `shopkeeperslist.teleport` | Gives the player permission to teleport to a shopkeeper by right-clicking on it in the GUI. |
| `shopkeeperslist.openremotely` | Gives the player permission to open a shopkeeper's menu by left-clicking it in the GUI. |
| `shopkeeperslist.reload` | Gives the player permission to reload the configuration file. |

## GUI Example
Here's an image of what a shopkeeper looks like in the GUI using the default configuration:
![Shopkeeper GUI](https://www.spigotmc.org/attachments/upload_2024-7-18_11-23-53-png.841602/)

If you like this plugin, please consider [buying me a tea 🍵](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/0nys)

If you have any questions or encounter bugs or issues, please notify me in the [SpigotMC discussions tab](https://www.spigotmc.org/threads/shopkeepers-list-addon-for-shopkeepers-1-20-6-support.610703/) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/Onys-0/Shopkeepers-List/issues). Thank you!
